# Game Version 3.4 Optimization and Known Issues
## Game Version 3.4 Optimization and Known Issues


Dear Trailblazers,

To provide a better gaming experience, the Crew will constantly make adjustments and improve the game and fix known issues.

### Known Issues

■2025/07/02

- Due to scheduling issues, some English voiceovers for certain characters are missing in specific dialogues of Version 3.4. The corresponding voiceovers will be added in future updates.

- We are aware of the issue where character lip-syncing appears abnormal in some Version 3.4 voice lines when using certain voice languages. This issue will be fixed in future versions.

### Game Updates and Improvements Overview

■2025/07/08

- Updated some resources for the upcoming collaboration event "Sweet Dreams and the Holy Grail." Trailblazers can obtain the update by logging in again after the update is released. The download size is approximately "198" MB for PC, "111" MB for Android, and "111" MB for iOS.

■2025/07/04

- Fixes an issue where the action order might display abnormally after Trailblazer (Remembrance: Ice) uses their Ultimate in certain circumstances.

■2025/07/03

- Fixes an issue where the game's progress might be abnormal when using a character's Ultimate as prompted by story-based combat sections under certain conditions.

- Fixes an issue where the eye model of the Jadebird is abnormal when placed in a specific spot in the Radiant Feldspar map.

■2025/07/02

- Fixes an issue where the Readable Item "Phainon's Message" displays abnormally.

- Fixes an issue where the game interface has a chance of becoming abnormal after using Castorice (Remembrance: Quantum)'s "Breath Scorches the Shadow" ability under specific circumstances.
