# Game Version 3.5 Optimization and Known Issues
## Game Version 3.5 Optimization and Known Issues


Dear Trailblazers,

To provide a better gaming experience, the Crew will constantly make adjustments and improve the game and fix known issues.

### Known Issues

■2025/08/13

- It is known that some voice lines for NPC Hysilens in the "The Grandest Feast" mission of the "Chrysos Maze Grand Restaurant" event are missing when the voice language is switched to English. This issue will be fixed in future updates.

### Game Updates and Improvements Overview

■2025/08/20

- Fixes an issue where, when using certain Android devices to play the game, there was a chance of abnormal game progress in specific maps of some Amphoreus scenes.

■2025/08/15

- Fixes an issue in the "Chrysos Maze Grand Restaurant" event where Trailblazers could become unable to progress to the review phase abnormally after meeting advancement requirements under certain circumstances. For workarounds, Trailblazers who encountered this issue may continue operating for one more in-game day, then exit the event interface before starting operations the following day to resume normal event progression.

■2025/08/14

- Fixes an issue where characters are unable to move after entering a specific area in the map "Exomyth" during the mission flow of Trailblaze Mission "Amphoreus" — "Time, Ferry Me Through Ages" and "Wanderer, Decipher the Waxen Imprints." Trailblazers who encounter this issue can immediately exit the challenge and re-enter the map to resolve it.

- Fixes an issue where the game progress may become abnormal after repeatedly entering battle under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where the Achievements "Antique Scheme" and "Toward the New Ocean" cannot be claimed normally. Trailblazers who encounter this issue can re-login to the game to obtain these Achievements.

- Fixes an issue where certain NPC models are placed abnormally in the "Warbling Shores" Styxia map.

- Fixes an issue for certain iOS devices where the game's progress has a chance of becoming abnormal when loading certain scenes in the Trailblaze Continuance "Penacony - Fate/Return of Starry Sea."

■2025/08/13

- Fixes an issue where some scenes may display abnormally when using certain Android devices.

- Fixes an issue where Trailblazers are unable to progress in the mission flow of Trailblaze Mission "Amphoreus — Zephyr, Uplift Bygone Dust Cloudsward" under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where some special effects may display abnormally after an ability is used in certain circumstances.
