# Game Version 4.0 Optimization and Known Issues
## Game Version 4.0 Optimization and Known Issues


Dear Trailblazers,

To provide a better gaming experience, the Crew will constantly make adjustments and improve the game and fix known issues.

### Known Issues

■2026/02/13

- It is known that Welt's English voice lines are missing in the Trailblaze Mission "Planarcadia" — "No Aha at Full Moon." This issue will be fixed in a future version.

- It is known that some English voice lines for NPC Trailblazer (Male), Trailblazer (Female), and Welt in the Finality Mission "Penacony — Memories are the Prelude to Dreams" are missing. This issue will be fixed in future updates.

### Game Updates and Improvements Overview

■2026/02/25

- Fixes an issue in the Graphia Academy map where certain mechanism triggers in the "Interplanar Jump!" gameplay were aberrant, preventing specific treasures from being unlocked.

- Fixes an issue where the treasure in the "Interplanar Jump!" gameplay within the "World's End Tavern" map could not be unlocked under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue within the "Currency Wars" gameplay wherein the values for the "Speed Alternation" affix did not match its description.

■2026/02/15

- Fixes an issue where missions for Expected Profit cannot be completed normally in the Currency Wars game mode.

- Fixes an issue where under specific circumstances, the probability of the Skill Points Bond drawing and obtaining "Special Prize" is abnormal in the Currency Wars game mode.

■2026/02/14

- Adds certain system prompts for the Training Hall stages in "Interplanar Jump!" at NPC "Loftin."

- Optimizes some tutorial text in the gameplay mode "Interplanar Jump!."

- Fixes an issue where the screen would display incorrectly during the resolution of an "Aha Instant" in battle under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where under specific circumstances, certain shadows are displayed abnormally in the graphics.

- Fixes an issue where under specific circumstances, the SPD increase effect of the "Thrilling Delight" Arbitral Quadrant in the ”Anomaly Arbitration: Cyber Crisis" event was incorrectly applied to certain targets.

- Fixes an issue where the graphics can become abnormally blurry on certain PC devices.Trailblazers who encounter this issue can resolve it by restarting their PC launcher.

- Fixes an issue where there is a chance of the combat progress becoming abnormal in combat against certain enemies.

- Fixes an issue where the name and completion conditions for the Achievements "Dandelion's Judgment” and “The Crime is “Love” were displayed incorrectly.

- Fixes an issue where under specific circumstances, Trailblazers were unable to receive rewards after their first conversation with the NPC "Convenience Store Lucky Cat." Trailblazers who encountered this issue can now talk to the NPC again to obtain the rewards.

- Fixes an issue where some characters may address the Trailblazer incorrectly in their text messages.

- Fixes a text issue for the avatar "Sparxie: Ethereal Dance"

- Fixes a certain text issue in the Furbobocom system .

■2026/02/13

- Optimizes the display of remaining exchange attempts when performing 1-to-1 exchanges for Path of Elation materials.

- Optimizes the placement of certain Nameless Wispae in the "Interplanar Jump!" gameplay mode.

- Fixes an issue where specific circumstances when using a Support character for Planar Ornament Extraction, the support character's stats appear abnormally and the character either disappears abnormally before entering combat or is unable to enter combat.

- Fixes an issue where certain animations would abnormally stop under specific circumstances when using the outfit "Plumblossom Letter."

- Fixes an issue in the "Currency Wars" gameplay mode where the details for the Investment Environment "Heroic Entrance" would display incorrectly under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue for PC players where the spacebar could not be used to quick-cast the Memosprite Skill "Breath Scorches the Shadow" for the character Castorice (Remembrance: Quantum).

- Fixes an issue in the "A Flip of Fortune" event where the "Double Prosperity" avatar could not be claimed under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue on mobile devices where Yao Guang (Elation: Physical) would have abnormal texture displays.

- Fixes an issue in the "Currency Wars" gameplay mode where the player's team would abnormally recover HP under certain circumstances while battling the boss "Pollux, Netherwing Husk, Ferry of Souls."

- Fixes an issue where the UI would display incorrectly when speaking to the NPC Zhongshan to start the gameplay mode "Cosmicon Collective" under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue in where certain stages in the gameplay mode "Interplanar Jump!" where players were unable to revive normally under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue in where characters are unable to move in the gameplay mode "Trailblazemon Grand Challenge" where players were unable to revive normally under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue in where the game progresses abnormally when progressing the Trailblaze Mission "Planarcadia — Phantasmoon, the Merciful Queen" under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where under specific circumstances and after using the Planar Ornament Extraction function, a character will abnormally go undisplayed when entering a stage.

- Fixes an issue that prevented normal completion of the Achievement "Chirping Secret: Kiss of Time".

- Fixes an issue where the enemy "Synwish Syndicate's Underboss, Caustide" behaves abnormally under specific circumstances in the storyline combat.

- Fixes an issue in the Trailblaze Mission "Planarcadia — Symbolic Exchange and Detection" where players were unable to switch to a specific character's POV under certain circumstances.
