# Game Version 4.1 Optimization and Known Issues
## Game Version 4.1 Optimization and Known Issues


Dear Trailblazers,

To provide a better gaming experience, the Crew will constantly make adjustments and improve the game and fix known issues.

### Known Issues

■2026/03/25

- It is known that when the voice language is set to English, certain lines from the  NPCs "Ashveil" and "Nihilux" are missing during the Trailblaze Mission "Planarcadia - Unraveled for Daybreak." This issue will be fixed in a future update.

### Game Updates and Improvements Overview

■2026/03/26

- Optimizes the effects of the "Chariot Mask" in the Divergent Universe: Arcadian Chronicles gameplay. After the optimization, Instant Kill will take effect at the start of every wave, instead of at the start of combat.

- Fixes an issue where some effects of the Grand Miracle "Chariot Mask: Beyond" erroneously fail to take effect under certain circumstances in the Divergent Universe: Arcadian Chronicles gameplay.

- Fixes an issue where certain character lineup edit voice lines trigger incorrectly when undergoing lineup edits under specific circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where under certain circumstances, characters cannot access some maps when engaging in a specific Interplanar Jump! game mode at the Lookout Cloud Station map.

- Fixes an issue where there is a chance the game's progress becomes abnormal after battling the enemy The Giver, Master of Legions, Lance of Fury (Complete) in the Divergent Universe: Arcadian Chronicles game mode.

- Fixes an issue in the mission flow of the Trailblaze Mission "Planarcadia" — "Confessions of a Righteous Sinner" where the character's position becomes abnormal and is unable to continue progressing through the mission under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where the character disappears under certain circumstances in "The Wispae That Constantly Falls" gameplay.

- Fixes an issue where the Lookout Cloud Station teleportation point is abnormally missing after advancing a Trailblaze Mission and arriving in the Duomension City map.

- Fixes an issue where certain ability buttons are abnormally not displayed in the lower right corner of the combat UI.

■2026/03/25

- Fixes an issue where some UI such as Total DMG in the top right corner of the battle interface display abnormally under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where the game progress may become abnormal when selecting Waypoint Passes in the Divergent Universe: Arcadian Chronicles gameplay. After the fix, Trailblazers who still encounter this issue can contact us through "Phone" - "Bug Report".

- Fixes an issue where the description of the completion requirement for the Achievement "All Units, Stand By!" was wrong.

- Fixes an issue where some models would display abnormally when "Alloy Pommy" attacks in combat.

- Fixes an issue where the game progress would become abnormal after selecting some options in the Occurrence "Path of the Sage (I)" of the Divergent Universe: Arcadian Chronicles gameplay.

- Fixes an issue where the shortcut key cannot be used to check Mask Details during battles in the Divergent Universe: Arcadian Chronicles gameplay when using controllers to experience the game.

- Fixes an issue where the character disappears under certain circumstances in "The Wispae That Constantly Falls" gameplay.

- Fixes an issue where the game progress becomes abnormal during the mechatron assembly process under certain circumstances in the Trailblaze Mission "Planarcadia" — "Society of the Spectacle and Its Enemies."

- Fixes an issue where the effects of the Grand Miracle "Fortune Cat Mask: Bloom" trigger abnormally under certain circumstances in the Divergent Universe: Arcadian Chronicles gameplay.

- Fixes an issue where the content of Trailblaze Activity displays abnormally in the Trailblazer Profile interface under certain circumstances.

- Fixes some text errors in Messages.

- Fixes some text errors in part of the story dialogue in Trailblaze Mission "Planarcadia" — "Portrait of a Middle-Aged Artist."

- Fixes an issue where some sources of Elation Path Materials were wrongly displayed when viewing their Details interface.

- Fixes an issue where Trailblazers are unable to re-enter the Divergent Universe: Arcadian Chronicles gameplay under certain circumstances after pausing and exiting midway.

- Fixes an issue where the Three-Day Check-In rewards in the "Starbound Return" event could not be claimed when experiencing the game with controllers.

- Fixes an issue where some effect descriptions for Grand Miracles in the Divergent Universe: Arcadian Chronicles gameplay erroneously display codes.
