# Game Version 4.2 Optimization and Known Issues
## Game Version 4.2 Optimization and Known Issues


Dear Trailblazers,

To provide a better gaming experience, the Crew will constantly make adjustments and improve the game and fix known issues.

### Known Issues

■2026/04/22

- It is known that some Korean voice lines for NPC "Pearl" in the Trailblaze Mission "Planarcadia" — "Unraveled for Daybreak" are missing. This issue will be fixed in a future version.

### Game Updates and Improvements Overview

■2026/04/23

- Fixes an issue where after the character "Silver Wolf Lv. 999 (Elation: Imaginary)" uses her Skill, there is a chance for ally character models to display abnormally under specific circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where text could not be entered normally when switching from the “Pom-Pom's Assist” mode to the “Chat Box” function when using certain devices under specific circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where the game progress may become abnormal when downloading runes during the mission flow of Trailblaze Mission "Amphoreus — Great Tomb, Hide the Secrets of Incarnations."

- Fixes an issue where the Relics configured for the trial character "Ashveil (The Hunt: Lightning) are incorrect in the "Currency Wars" game mode.

- Fixes an issue where some texts were displayed incompletely in the "Three-Year Anniversary Celebration" interface.

- Fixes an issue in the event "Phantsmoon New Game" where the red dot prompt on certain interfaces did not appear properly.

■2026/04/22

- Optimizes and reduces the difficulty of some stages in the event "Cosmic Data Roaming."

- Fixes an issue where the game progress becomes abnormal under certain circumstances, when clearing a battle in the event "Cosmic Data Roaming."

- Fixes an issue where parts of the interface appear abnormally in the event "Comic Data Roaming" under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where the "Funky Munch Bean" summoned by the character "Silver Wolf LV.999 (Elation: Imaginary)'s" Technique has a chance of abnormally getting stuck on certain maps.

- Fixes an issue with the description of the Achievement "Holiday for the Rest of My Life" where the displayed value and progress calculation were incorrect. This issue will not affect the actual conditions for completing the Achievement or the already-achieved progress.

- Fixes an issue where some special effects of the pet "Furbobo Press Corps" were not correctly hidden during mission performances.

- Fixes an issue where players are unable to progress through the stage "Initial Test" normally in the "Currency Wars" game mode under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where the equipment "Codex of Combat" appears abnormally in the equipment slot within the "Currency Wars" game mode under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where there is a chance for stage verification to fail in the "Currency Wars" and "Divergent Universe" gameplay modes under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where certain interactions and displays on the Character/Light Cone acquisition screen functions abnormally under specific circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where some facial expressions for the character "Silver Wolf LV.999 (Elation: Imaginary)" displays incorrectly under certain circumstances in the Character Details Screen.

- Fixes an issue where when purchasing either the Trailblazer Outfit "Cool Overload Shades" or the dynamic namecard "Arcadia Rush" individually, and then purchasing the remaining item at the discounted price, the prompt pop-up incorrectly displayed the amount of Oneiric Shards needed. This issue does not affect the actual amount of Oneiric Shards consumed during payment.

- Fixes an issue where certain texts were wrong when interacting with the "Rating Pistol."
