# Game Version 4.3 Optimization and Known Issues
## Game Version 4.3 Optimization and Known Issues


Dear Trailblazers,

To provide a better gaming experience, the Crew will constantly make adjustments and improve the game and fix known issues.

### Game Updates and Improvements Overview

■2026/06/11

- Fixes an issue where some Trailblazers may encounter frequent crashes when opening the game after updating to iOS 27 Developer Preview Beta. Trailblazers can update the game in the App Store to resolve this issue. Additionally, we recommend Trailblazers to temporarily hold off on updating to iOS 27 Developer Preview Beta.

■2026/06/10

- Fixes an issue where combat progress in the Strategic Training - "Follow-Up ATK" stage was abnormal under specific circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where part of the description text for the enemy "God-Devourer Offspring"'s ability "Rite of Expiation" was incorrect.

■2026/06/03

- Fixes an issue where, under specific conditions, some "Nameless Wispae" in the scene "Inkford Hermitage" would be incorrectly displayed after they had already been collected.

■2026/06/02

- Fixes an issue where, under certain conditions, images within specific "Furbobocom" Arcadia Alert sections would display incorrectly.

- Fixes an issue where, under certain conditions, the “Car Management” interface would display abnormally when visiting another Trailblazer's Party Car.

- Fixes an issue where, under certain conditions, unowned characters would be incorrectly displayed on certain interfaces.

- Fixes an issue where characters are unable to move and have abnormal interactions when some characters are experiencing the "Shapeshifting Furbo" gameplay under specific circumstances.

■2026/06/01

- Fixes an error in the Equilibrium Level required to synthesize certain Trace Materials.

- Fixes an issue in the Aetherium Wars event where the game progress would become abnormal after opening the Team Lineup interface.

- Fixes an issue where screens such as Team Lineup, Character Details, and Warp interfaces displayed abnormally.

- Fixes an issue where characters are positioned abnormally and are unable to move in the mission flow of Trailblaze Mission "Planarcadia" - ”Arcadia of Mystery and Terror” under specific circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where players cannot interact with the teleporter in certain "Interplanar Jump!" gameplay in the map "Inkford Hermitage" under specific circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where the enemy God-Devourer Offspring is unable to dispel the "Devour" state in specific circumstances.
