# Game Version 4.4 Optimization and Known Issues
## Game Version 4.4 Optimization and Known Issues


Dear Trailblazers,

To provide a better gaming experience, the Crew will constantly make adjustments and improve the game and fix known issues.

### Known Issues

■2026/07/15

- It is known that the lip-syncing for Trailblazer (Male) displays abnormally during certain dialogues in the Trailblaze Mission "Planarcadia - In Ravages Does the Whistle Sound" when the voice language is set to English. This issue will be fixed in a future version.

### Game Updates and Improvements Overview

■2026/07/16

- Fixes an issue where the mechanism of locating Nameless Wispae with the Star Rabbit Game Console did not work properly in the Fallen Star's Cradle map.

- Fixes an issue where some projection effects for the character Gilgamesh (Destruction: Lightning) may appear abnormal in combat under certain circumstances in the Currency Wars gameplay.

- Fixes an issue where the game progress may become abnormal under certain circumstances after battle against the boss "@SparxiConOfficial" in the Currency Wars gameplay.

- Fixes an issue where the mission progress may become abnormal after entering the "Planar Ornament Extraction" system while in another character's POV during a Trailblaze Mission.

- Fixes an issue where the game may crash in the mission flow of the Adventure Mission "Planarcadia — Blood of the Lone Wolf" under certain circumstances when using some devices.

- Fixes an issue where the ability description for the character Gilgamesh's (Destruction: Lightning) Talent "I Grant You Permission To Strike" was incorrect in the Currency Wars gameplay.

- Fixes an issue where some of the story dialogue in the Trailblaze Mission "Planarcadia — Limelight" was incorrect.

■2026/07/15

- Fixes the issue where the audio for some cutscene animations in the Trailblaze Mission "Planarcadia — Limelight" played abnormally on certain devices under specific circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where exiting and reentering certain "Interplanar Jump!" gameplays during the Trailblaze Mission "Planarcadia — How I Met Your Father" led to anomalies with stages under specific circumstances.

- Fixes an issue in Currency Wars where Investment Strategy "Faster-Than-Light Promotion" was abnormally obtained under specific circumstances, and the match was abnormal afterward. Trailblazers who encounter this problem before the fix can finalize the current match and start a new one.

- Fixes an issue in Currency Wars where refreshing for some characters in the Store was abnormal under specific circumstances after obtaining the Investment Strategy "A Flash: Moonlit Reflection."
