# Version 1.2 "Even Immortality Ends" Update Overview
## Version Overview


All things, be they divine or mortal, find their ultimate end. It is not a harsh punishment but a merciful pardon.

Dear Trailblazers,

Welcome to Version 1.2 "Even Immortality Ends"!

### Update and Compensation Details

#### ■ Update Time

The update maintenance will begin at 2023/07/19 06:00:00 (global). The update will take approximately 5 hours.

#### ■ Compensation Details

- Server Maintenance Compensation

Compensation: **Stellar Jade ×300**

Eligible Recipients: Trailblazers with Trailblaze Level ≥ 4 before 2023/07/19 06:00:00 (global).

※ Please claim before Version 1.3 server maintenance.

- Bug Compensation

Compensation: **Stellar Jade ×300**

Eligible Recipients: Trailblazers with Trailblaze Level ≥ 4 before 2023/07/19 06:00:00 (global).

※ Please log in to claim the mail before 2023/08/18 23:59:00 (global).

The Crew will issue this compensation via in-game mail to Trailblazers within 5 hours after the end of the update. Be sure to claim it in time.

#### ■ How to Update

- PC: Exit the game, restart the launcher, then click "Update"

- Android: Enter the game and follow the instruction in the in-game pop-up window to complete the update

- iOS: Enter the App Store and tap "Update"

### Version Update Details

#### 1. New Maps

**■ Alchemy Commission**

The Alchemy Commission once demonstrated the way of immortality. However, as the Ambrosial Arbor was discarded, the commission's social position plummeted and no longer sways the balance of power in Xianzhou.

**■ Scalegorge Waterscape**

The Lunarescent Depths is the Vidyadharas' sacred site. To suppress the Ambrosial Arbor, the Vidyadhara sealed the Arbor's roots in this delve millennia ago.

#### 2. New Characters

**■ 5-Star character Blade (Destruction: Wind)**

Blade is a Wind-Type character following the Path of Destruction. After HP is lowered multiple times, he will automatically deal DMG to all enemies. He can also consume his own HP to cast powerful abilities.

Obtainable through the A Lost Soul Character Event Warp.

**■ 5-Star character Kafka (Nihility: Lightning)**

Kafka is a Lightning-Type character following the Path of Nihility. She can immediately trigger 1 additional DMG application from DoTs currently applied on enemies and has a range of ways to Shock enemies.

Obtainable through the Nessun Dorma Character Event Warp.

**■ 4-Star character Luka (Nihility: Physical)**

Luka is a Physical-Type character following the Path of Nihility. After multiple attacks, he can gain powerful abilities, causing the Bleed status applied to enemies to trigger for 1 extra time. His Skill can cause enemies to Bleed.

Obtainable through the Nessun Dorma Character Event Warp.

#### 3. New Light Cones

**■ 5-Star The Unreachable Side (Destruction)**

Obtainable through the Brilliant Fixation Light Cone Event Warp.

**■ 5-Star Patience Is All You Need (Nihility)**

Obtainable through the Brilliant Fixation Light Cone Event Warp.

#### 4. New Stories

**■ Trailblaze Mission**

- Xianzhou Luofu — Topclouded Towerthrust

"There is someone else who brought the Stellaron into Xianzhou and activated it. There are troubles both from outside and from within."

At this moment, the withered and dead sacred tree is growing again, and the Stellaron Hunters' reason for drawing you to Xianzhou gradually emerges...

Availability: Permanently available after the Version 1.2 update

Unlock Requirements: Complete the Trailblaze Mission "Xianzhou Luofu — Sinners Misled, Credence Falsified."

**■ Companion Missions**

- For I Have Touched the Sky

To know more about Yukong's past, you would have to go to the Palace of Astrum sooner or later. Look around with Qingni. The past she will witness here may change her life.

Availability: Permanently available after the Version 1.2 update

Unlock Requirements: Complete the Trailblaze Mission "Xianzhou Luofu — Humming Antlers, Entwined Horns" and read specific Messages at Stargazer Navalia.

- Letter from a Strange Woman

Availability: Permanently available after 2023/08/09 12:00:00 (server).

Unlock Requirements: Complete the Trailblaze Mission "Xianzhou Luofu — A Dragon Gallant, Its Ocean Distant" and read specific Messages.

#### 5. New Events

**■ Tales of the Fantastic**

- 2023/07/21 12:00 - 2023/08/07 03:59

- The crisis on the Luofu has subsided, and stories of the feats of the Nameless can be heard on every street corner of the Luofu. The storyteller, Mr. Xiyan of Starskiff Haven, seems to be interested in your adventure and wants to retell it in story form...

- Trailblaze Level ≥ 21 and complete the Trailblaze Mission "Xianzhou Luofu — A Dragon Gallant, Its Ocean Distant"

**■ Underground Treasure Hunt**

- 2023/08/09 12:00 - 2023/08/28 03:59

- Belobog has recently seen a "Treasure Hunt" craze. Large numbers of relics have appeared in the Underworld, and they seem to have something to do with the ancient ruins in the Great Mine...

- Trailblaze Level ≥ 21 and complete the Trailblaze Mission "Jarilo-VI — Silent Galaxy"

**■ Gift of Odyssey**

- Log in every day during the event to obtain check-in rewards. Trailblazers can claim Star Rail Special Pass ×10 after checking in for 7 days!

※ Please refer to future announcements for information on other events.

#### 6. Others

**■ Enemies**

- Phantylia the Undying, The Ascended, Abundance Sprite: Malefic Ape, Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Ballistarius, Abundance Sprite: Golden Hound, Abundance Sprite: Wooden Lupus, Cloud Knight Lieutenant: Yanqing

- New enemies added to the Simulated Universe: Abundant Ebon Deer (Complete), Aurumaton Gatekeeper (Error), and Disciples of Sanctus Medicus: Shape Shifter (Error).

**■ Gameplay**

- Simulated Universe: World 7

Challenge Simulated Universe: World 7 and use Trailblaze Power or Immersifier to get new Planar Ornaments from Immersion Rewards.

Complete the "Xianzhou Luofu — Humming Antlers, Entwined Horns" Trailblaze Mission and clear Simulated Universe: World 6 to unlock Simulated Universe: World 7.

- Forgotten Hall: The Voyage of Navis Astriger

The Forgotten Hall has collected memories about the Xianzhou. New challenges await...

Complete the Trailblaze Mission "Xianzhou Luofu — A Dragon Gallant, Its Ocean Distant" to unlock the new memory The Voyage of Navis Astriger in the Forgotten Hall.

Clear "Forgotten Hall: Memory of Xianzhou Stage 1" to obtain the 4-star character Yukong (Harmony: Imaginary).

- Updated Memory Turbulence and enemy lineup in Forgotten Hall: Memory of Chaos. Please see the following for details:

Adrift in Astral Seas

2023/07/24  04:00:00 (server) - 2023/08/07 04:00:00 (server)

When an ally is hit or their HP is consumed, gain 1 stack of Memory Imprint. Each stack of Memory Imprint reduces DMG taken by the target by 12%, up to 3 stacks. At the start of each Cycle, deals a set amount of DMG to all enemies based on the highest Memory Imprint stack possessed by an ally. Then, remove all Memory Imprint stacks from all allies.

Raintear Strife

2023/08/07 04:00:00 (server) - 2023/08/21  04:00:00 (server)

After an ally uses a follow-up attack, reduces the attacked enemy target's All-Type RES by 30% for 2 turns.

Traces of Sanctus Medicus

2023/08/21  04:00:00 (server) - 2023/09/04  04:00:00 (server)

At the start of each Cycle, all enemies currently inflicted with DoTs are immediately dealt DMG equal to 200% of the original DMG from all their DoT effects.

- Eye of the Cosmos: Warring Expedition

Available after completing the Companion Mission: For I Have Touched the Sky

**■ Stage**

- Stagnant Shadow: Shape of Celestial

Unlock Requirements: Complete the Trailblaze Mission "Xianzhou Luofu — Desolate Depths of Despair."

Map: Xianzhou Luofu — Alchemy Commission

Stage Description: Clear the stage to obtain Wind-Type character Ascension material "Ascendant Debris" and credits.

- Cavern of Corrosion: Path of Elixir Seekers

Unlock Requirements: Complete the Adventure Mission "Cavern of Corrosion" and unlock the map Xianzhou Luofu — Alchemy Commission

Map: Xianzhou Luofu — Alchemy Commission

Stage Description: Clear the stage to obtain Cavern Relics "Longevous Disciple" and "Messenger Traversing Hackerspace" along with credits.

- Echo of War: Divine Seed

Unlock Requirements: Complete the Trailblaze Mission "Xianzhou Luofu — A Dragon Gallant, Its Ocean Distant"

Map: Xianzhou Luofu — Scalegorge Waterscape

Stage Description: Clear the stage to obtain the Advanced level-up material for Traces "Regret of Infinite Ochema," Lucent Afterglow, credits, and other rewards.

- Joint Forces

Availability: Permanently available after the Version 1.2 update

Stage Details: The trial characters Himeko (Erudition: Fire), Welt (Nihility: Imaginary), Bronya (Harmony: Wind), Gepard (Preservation: Ice), Clara (Destruction: Physical), Yanqing (The Hunt: Ice), and Bailu (Abundance: Lightning) can be used to experience the stage. Upon completing the challenges, Trailblazers can obtain Stellar Jades, Adventure Logs, and Universal Enhancement Materials.

#### ■ Relic

- Planar Ornaments "Rutilant Arena"

- Planar Ornaments "Broken Keel"

- Cavern Relic "Longevous Disciple"

- Cavern Relic "Messenger Traversing Hackerspace"

#### ■ Missions

- Adventure Mission series "Todd Riordan's Academic Research"

- Adventure Mission "Bestial Ferocity"

- Adventure Mission "Poetic Genius Ingenium"

#### ■ System

- Added the "Eye Comfort Mode" that can be accessed from "Phone > Settings" to adjust the settings.

- Added Message and Chat Boxes where Trailblazers can change Chat Box styles in Messages and Friend Chat. Trailblazers can complete the Underground Treasure Hunt event in the current version to obtain the Chat Box "Where's the Rabbit?"

- Added "Account Settings" quick access. Please open the Phone icon (or hit Esc on the PC client) to view.

- Added the function where excess Trailblaze EXP are converted into credit after the Trailblazer hits the current level cap.

- Added a Destroy Material function.

- Added display options for the Trailblazer's birthday in the Trailblazer Profile. Trailblazers can choose whether to display their birthday to others.

- Added hints regarding stage clear conditions and additional combat objectives during battle.

- Added description for the material Lost Crystal.

- Added a Light Cone rarity display in the Nameless Honor's Treasure of the Starry Seas interface.

#### ■ Others

- Added animations on the enemies' HP bar UI after they have had Weaknesses added to them.

- Some photos have been added to the photo wall on March 7th's room. Trailblazers can check it out after completing the corresponding Trailblaze Missions.

- Added new records that can be played by the Phonograph.

- Added new obtainable readable items.

- Added push notification to mobile devices when Trailblaze Power is fully restored or when all Assignments have been completed.

- Added a pop-up sound effect when a friend recommendation pop-up appears after using a support character that is not on your Friends List.

- Added sound effects for footsteps on certain terrains.

- Added sound effects for enemies falling from midair during combat.

### Adjustments and Optimizations

#### ■ Characters and Enemies

- Adjusted the wording of the tooltip shown when Yanqing (The Hunt: Ice) uses his technique. The tooltip was changed from "ATK Boost" to "DMG Boost" to be consistent with its actual in-game effect and description.

- Adjusted Dan Heng (The Hunt: Wind)'s weapon animation when he uses his Basic ATK in the open world.

- Optimized the movement animations for some characters, including Natasha, Yukong, and Silver Wolf.

- Adjusted the timing regarding when certain enemies' HP values are shown.

- Optimized the movement animations for certain enemies in the open world.

- Optimized how certain enemies appear when they become Frozen.

- Optimized how in-combat hints are presented for certain enemies.

- Optimized how certain enemies appear while getting knocked away.

#### ■ System

- Adjusted the range covered by the teleport point for some stages, allowing Trailblazers to interact with the stage directly after teleporting.

- Adjusted the text for how many days the Trailblazer has already consecutively logged in for the consecutive login Achievement "Earth Week."

- Optimized the Traces screen in Character Details. Trailblazers can check the Level and Max level for certain Traces.

- Optimized the Forgotten Hall display interface

- Optimized the item submission UI interface during certain missions to show the name of each item.

- Optimized the Warring Expedition Excursion Mode UI interface. Details are as follows:

1) Objectives are now displayed more clearly in the details screen when hitting Esc (or the exit button in the top left corner) in Excursion Mode.

2) Adds a second confirmation stage when selecting the "Exit" option.

3) After clearing a stage of any difficulty in Warring Expedition, Trailblazers will automatically be directed to the next difficulty's interface.

- Optimized the display of certain hints.

- Optimized the Navigate-to-Mission experience in the "Navigation" interface.

- Optimized the experience of using "Recommended Gear" that automatically equips a character with recommended Relics.

- Optimized how certain materials can be obtained. Players can now select the material to be taken directly to Embers Exchange.

- Optimized how enemies are displayed in the data bank.

- Optimized the underlying logic for taking players directly to the relevant interface in Daily Training missions related to materials synthesis.

- Optimized how the chat history is displayed after a Friend has been added to the Blocklist.

#### ■ Combat

- Optimized the transition animation when moving from the Interastral Peace Guide to the Simulated Universe.

- Optimized the logic behind Bronya (Harmony: Wind) and Tingyun (Harmony: Lightning)'s ability usage when auto-battle is on during combat.

- Optimized the Weakness Break visual effect in combat.

- Optimized the visual special effect when Shields applied on characters are broken.

- Optimized the hint when there is network instability during combat.

- Optimized the UI animation effects for DoTs.

- Optimized how enemies appear when receiving the Barrier effect.

- Optimized the hint text regarding obtaining and consuming Skill Points via special means.

- Optimized the icon for the DoT Vulnerability effect.

- Optimized the UI animation when Boss Enemies are attacked.

- Optimized the icon display when restoring HP during combat. The corresponding icons are now displayed more clearly.

#### ■ Missions

- Adjusted the mission type for "Venom Brews, Immortality Looms" and "Sinners Misled, Credence Falsified" from Trailblaze Mission to Adventure Mission and how these missions can be accepted.

- The achievements that can be obtained from the missions above have been adjusted from the category "The Rail Unto the Stars" to "The Memories We Share." Trailblazers who have already completed the above missions will not lose any mission progress - only the mission Achievement type will be changed.

#### ■ Environment Visuals

- Optimized lighting in certain maps.

- Optimized the appearance of certain maps.

- Optimized the lighting in the History and Culture Museum for mobile devices on certain graphic settings.

- Optimized how the Corridor of Fading Echoes map appears on Android devices.

#### ■ Audio

- Optimized the sound effects for footsteps in Jarilo-VI's snow-covered maps.

- Optimized certain background music tracks in Bailu's Companion Mission.

- Optimized how the NPCs' voice lines are heard when the window is being switched.

#### ■ Others

- Adjusted the reconnecting process when internet connection is lost on the Warp interface. After the adjustment, reconnecting while on the Warp interface will return the Trailblazer to their current interface.

- Updated the backstory description for the Curio "Beacon Coloring Paste" in the Simulated Universe.

- Optimized the Cursor size in the PC Version. Following the update, the in-game Cursor size will remain the same when the Cursor size has been enlarged in the Windows system settings.

- Optimized the resolution of certain story cutscenes in the PC Version.

- Optimized the resolution of the game visuals for devices with foldable screens.

- Optimized how fonts appear on certain interfaces.

### Bug Fixes

#### ■ Characters and Enemies

- Fixed the issue where the visual effects for Silver Wolf (Nihility: Quantum)'s Skill would appear too low on the screen when used against larger enemies.

- Fixed the issue where the visual effects for Silver Wolf (Nihility: Quantum)'s Basic ATK has a chance to display abnormally when breaking Weakness.

- Fixes an issue where the automatic healing effect of Luocha (Abundance: Imaginary)'s Skill would not trigger for the rest of this battle if the target of the healing was downed the moment the automatic effect was triggered.

- Fixed the issue where using Clara (Destruction: Physical)'s Technique at the same time as opening the Navigation Menu would result in abnormal display of Technique Points after teleporting.

- Fixed the issue where the camera angle would shift abnormally when Clara (Destruction: Physical) uses her Basic ATK in special circumstances.

- Fixed the issue where the effect of Bronya (Harmony: Wind)'s Trace "Battlefield" would abnormally display prompts in specific situations.

- Fixed the issue where the text hint for Yanqing (The Hunt: Ice)'s Ultimate would not display when conducting combat at normal speed.

- Fixed the issue where Jing Yuan (Erudition: Lightning)'s weapon animation would display abnormally in the Real-Time Combat View interface.

- Fixed the issue where Jing Yuan (Erudition: Lightning)'s pupils would display abnormally during his idle animation.

- Fixed the issue where the Trailblazer (Preservation: Fire) may play abnormal idle sound effects.

- Fixed the incorrect icon for Pela (Nihility: Ice)'s Eidolon 4, "Full Analysis."

- Fixed the issue where the effect of Yukong (Harmony: Imaginary)'s "Roaring Bowstrings" on allies do not disappear when Yukong is downed in certain circumstances.

- Fixed the issue where Yukong (Harmony: Imaginary)'s Technique buff activates abnormally under certain circumstances.

- Fixed the issue where Yukong (Harmony: Imaginary)'s Skill effect would abnormally be displayed as being applied on enemies in Real-Time Combat View under certain circumstances.

- Fixed model clipping issues for certain characters.

- Fixed the issue where the effect of Seele (The Hunt: Quantum)'s "Resurgence" would be abnormally triggered by her Ultimate "Butterfly Flurry," when Butterfly Flurry is used on certain enemies the moment they were defeated by the Quantum Break Entanglement DMG triggered by Seele or by Butterfly Flurry's Additional DMG.

- Fixed the issue where the visual effects for the enemy Ice Out of Space would display abnormally when defeated under certain circumstances.

#### ■ System

- Fixed the issue where the mail title would display abnormally when the mail list is scrolled.

- Fixed the issue where the chat feature would display abnormally under an unstable internet connection.

- Fixed the issue where the description for the avatar "Trash Can" does not match how the avatar is obtained in the game.

- Fixed the issue where the chat content would exceed the size of the chat box when too many characters have been entered.

- Fixed the issue where the screen resolution would display abnormally when the game is launched while the device is in portrait mode.

- Fixed the issue where certain values are rounded to incorrect integers on the stats detail page.

- Fixed the issue where player UID and other information are missing in the screenshot produced for sharing after a single Warp.

- Fixed certain incorrect texts in the Simulated Universe index.

- Fixed the issue where the Curio "Rating Pistol" cannot rate Clara, Bailu, and Sushang after interacting with them.

- Fixed the issue where the cursor would move down abnormally if the down arrow key is pressed at the same time as the Navigation interface is opened.

- Fixed the issue where the selection frame might disappear in the Assignment interface when using a controller.

- Fixed the issue where certain controller buttons will become non-responsive after Trailblazers complete the Eidolon tutorial with a controller.

- Fixed the issue where extra botton tutorials appear when certain item purchase interfaces are opened in controller mode.

- Fixed the tutorial text for switching controller buttons in the event interface.

- Fixed the issue where the d-pad on the controller could not switch between worlds in the Simulated Universe interface.

- Fixed the issue where black blocks might appear on the screen at certain resolution settings.

- Fixed the issue where text messages from certain NPCs (such as Emily) were mistakenly classified as character messages.

#### ■ Combat

- Fixed the issue where the effect of the Light Cone "On the Fall of an Aeon (Destruction)" would not take effect as expected during the first damage calculation stage after the first attack is launched in combat.

- Fixed the issue where the special defeat animations for certain enemies would not zoom in or out with the in-combat camera.

- Fixed the issue where Technique Points were shown to be consumed after certain Techniques were used, but were in fact not consumed.

- Fixed the issue where the duration for certain camera blur effects was abnormal.

- Fixed the issue where the Toughness bar would be displayed abnormally for the enemy Doomsday Beast in Real-Time Combat View.

- Fixed the issue where Shield visual effect would disappear abnormally under certain circumstances.

- Fixed the issue where the enemy Gepard displays abnormal animations when attacked in battle.

- Fixed the issue where certain player actions before the battle with the enemy Cocolia in the Trailblaze Mission would cause the Skill point icons to display abnormally.

- Fixed the issue where opening the in-game Phone interface at the same time as entering combat would cause the Phone interface to overlap with combat effects.

#### ■ Environment Visuals

- Fixed the issue where the exhibit Meteor Fragment has a chance to not display after being obtained in the Everwinter City Museum Ledger of Curiosities event.

- Fixed the issue where characters might get stuck in certain maps.

- Fixed the issue where certain posters were cut off and certain objects were clipping in the Boulder Town map.

- Fixed the issue where the floor was too shiny in the History and Culture Museum map on mobile devices.

- Fixed the issue where certain maps in the Simulated Universe allowed characters to abnormally pass through light barriers, where interactive items were floating, or where interactive items were placed abnormally.

- Fixed the issue where combat environments would display abnormally in the Divination Commission and the Artisanship Commission maps.

- Fixed the issue where ranged attacks could not break clustered destructible objects in one hit.

- Fixed the issue where the Stargazer Navalia map would display abnormally on certain devices.

- Fixed the issue where certain reflective visual effects would display abnormally in the Parlor Car map.

- Fixed the issue where certain NPCs' shadows would display abnormally in the History and Culture Museum map.

- Fixed the issue where certain characters' shadows would display abnormally in the Storage Zone map.

- Fixed the issue where the Trailblazer's gender was shown incorrectly in the projected images in the History and Culture Museum map.

- Fixed the issue where characters can clip through some environmental objects in the Artisanship Commission map.

- Fixed the issue where plant models would display abnormally in certain maps under specific graphic settings in the PC client.

- Fixed the issue where the drone cannot be triggered normally in certain difficulty levels in the Warring Expedition "An Eye for an Eye" map.

- Fixed the issue where certain objects has a chance to prevent players from moving around in the Supply Zone map.

- Fixed the issue where NPC models can sink into the ground in certain maps.

- Fixed the issue where the gate in the Cloudford map has a chance to abnormally open twice in the Companion Mission "Evanesce Like the Morning Dew."

#### ■ Event & Gameplay

- Fixed the issue where destructible objects might appear in unreachable locations in certain Simulated Universe maps.

- Fixed the issue in the Simulated Universe where, after being defeated in combat that was triggered by an event, the Curio "Laurel Crown of Planar Shifts" would activate and turn the outcome into a victory, but does not grant the Blessing from the event.

- Fixed the issue with certain text formatting in the Curio selection interface in the Simulated Universe.

- Fixed the issue in the Simulated Universe where pressing Esc at the same time as attacking an enemy's Weakness with ranged weapons (such as a firearm or a bow) to trigger combat would cause the game to process abnormally.

- Fixed the issue in the Simulated Universe's index interface where certain actions could cause text to become misplaced in the index.

- Fixed the issue in the Simulated Universe where unselectable options would flicker abnormally when choosing other options during an event.

- Fixed incorrect texts in the Periodic Demon Lord event in the Simulated Universe.

- Fixed the issue in the Simulated Universe where the Trotter of Preservation's Shield would be abnormally removed by certain actions.

- Fixed the issue in the Forgotten Hall where the model of Abundant Ebon Deer would abnormally remain after it was defeated.

- Fixed the issue in the Everwinter City Museum Ledger of Curiosities event where it might be impossible to continue operations after reaching the Prosperous Glory phase, causing some Trailblazers to be unable to complete the time-limited mission.

- Fixed the issue in the Everwinter City Museum Ledger of Curiosities event where Paid Promotion can be abnormally selected.

- Fixed the issue in the Fight Club game mode where progress for stages would display abnormally in certain circumstances.

- Fixed the issue in the Fight Club game mode where the obtained buffs button cannot be viewed after the second round was drawn.

#### ■ Mission

- Fixed the issue where some dialogue are not displaying as expected in the Adventure Mission "Hiring Guides: Natasha."

- Fixed the issue where certain tutorials are missing for the Adventure Mission "Opportunity Makes the Thief (Part 3)."

- Fixed the issue where the Adventure Mission "Opportunity Makes the Thief (Part 2)" might be available ahead of time.

- Fixed the issue in the Adventure Mission "Opportunity Makes the Thief (Part 3)" where certain interactive dialogues might be abnormally triggered.

- Fixed the issue regarding the NPC Swetta in multiple mission series.

- Fixed the issue in the Companion Mission "Frosty Blade's Trial" where navigation could get interrupted in certain circumstances.

- Fixed the issue in the Companion Mission "Evanesce Like the Morning Dew" where options were not properly highlighted in the dialogue with the NPC Dahao.

- Fixed the issue in the Companion Mission "Evanesce Like the Morning Dew" where the speakers for some dialogue were incorrectly labelled.

- Fixed the issue in the Adventure Mission "Hiring Guides: Seele" where the flow of the dialogue was abnormal.

- Fixed the issue in the Companion Mission "Frosty Blade's Trial" where the story character's abilities could appear abnormally in Real-Time Combat View.

- Fixed the issue in the Companion Mission "Hidden Corner" where some out-of-combat enemy names were incorrectly displayed.

- Fixed the issue where the item "80% New Thermal Mining Pickaxe" was not properly removed from the Inventory after completing the interaction.

#### ■ Audio

- Fixed the abnormal sound effects around the Theater and the History and Culture Museum locations.

- Fixed certain March 7th lines in the Companion Mission "Frosty Blade's Trial" for Japanese, English, and Korean dubs.

- Adjusted Welt's Japanese dub lines on "About Self: Previous Profession."

- Adjusted Bailu's Japanese dub lines on "Chat: Food."

- Adjusted some of Welt's English dub lines on "About Dan Heng" when speaking with the NPC Welt in the Parlor Car map.

- Adjusted certain English dub lines in the Companion Mission "Punklorde Mentality."

- Adjusted Tingyun's Korean dub idle voice lines.

- Adjusted some of Fu Xuan's Korean dub lines in story cutscenes during the Trailblaze Mission "Xianzhou Luofu — Humming Antlers, Entwined Horns."

#### ■ Other

- Fixed the issue where certain characters' eyes appeared abnormal when they stood behind other characters in certain scenes.

- Fixed the issue in some specific story cutscenes where character models might turn black.

- Fixed the issue where the special effects for the Astral Express on the login screen were displayed abnormally in compatibility mode on some Android devices.

- Fixed the issue where some Android devices experienced high latency when entering combat scenes after setting the graphic quality to low.

- Fixed the issue in the Herta Space Station where door closing sound effects were abnormally triggered in certain maps.

- In-game texts for the 13 languages have been adjusted, optimized, and fixed. These changes do not affect the actual effects. Trailblazers can switch the game language through "Phone — Settings — Language" and view the corresponding changes in the announcement.

#### Fixes and optimizations in English include the following (they have no impact on the actual in-game effects):

- Adjusted certain descriptions in the Achievements regarding "single hit" and "DMG."

- Adjusted the name for the item "Rejuvenation Pellet."

- Adjusted the descriptions for the avatars "Wubbaboo", "Wanted Poster", "Junjun," and "Peppy."

- Adjusted the description regarding how to obtain the item "Trailblaze Timer": This item is obtained after completing the Trailblaze Mission "Trial of Equilibrium: Part One."

- Adjusted the stage names for Survival Index.

- Optimized the Skill descriptions for Silver Wolf (Nihility: Quantum), Luocha (Abundance: Imaginary), and Yukong (Harmony: Imaginary).

- Optimized the descriptions for Yukong (Harmony: Imaginary)'s Eidolon 3 "Torrential Fusillade" and Eidolon 5 "August Deadshot".

- Optimized the names for Grayback Whale and Grayback Whale: Modified in the Fight Club.

- Optimized the mission title and description for the Trailblaze Mission "Trial of Equilibrium."

- Optimized certain texts for item descriptions, text messages, data bank, Paths and Curios in the Simulated Universe, character backstories, tutorials, gameplay explanations, settings, Path names, prompts, readables, map descriptions, Adventure Mission descriptions, enemy descriptions, and Relic backstories.

- Optimized the descriptions for the Traces "ATK Boost" and "DEF Boost".

- Fixed certain typos or punctuation errors in the main story, character stories, item descriptions, and Simulated Universe events.

- Fixed certain grammar mistakes in some text messages, dialogues, readables, data bank records, tutorials, and Simulated Universe Blessing descriptions.

- Fixed incorrect texts in certain dialogues, readables, text messages, dialogue options, and Warring Expedition objectives.

- Fixed subtitles that do not match the dub audio in certain dialogues and characters' lines.
