# Game Version 2.2 Optimization and Known Issues
## Game Version 2.2 Optimization and Known Issues


Dear Trailblazers,

To provide a better gaming experience, the Crew will constantly adapt and improve the game and fix known issues.

### Known Issues

■2024/05/29

- It is known that when the character Dan Heng • Imbibitor Lunae (Destruction: Imaginary) unleashes their Ultimate or uses the Cloudhymn Roar ability in the Echo of War: Divine Seed stage, the dragon whiskers in the ability animation abnormally vanishes. At the same time, certain Trailblaze Mission cutscenes also have the dragon whiskers abnormally vanishing. The mentioned issues will be amended in Version 2.3.

■2024/05/08

- It is known that in some of the story dialogues for the Version 2.2 content, the English voiceover for the character Argenti (Erudition: Physical) is not available. This should be addressed in future updates.

### Game Updates and Improvements Overview

■2024/05/28

- Updates certain related resources for subsequent content.

■2024/05/15

- Fixes an issue where when obtaining the Light Cone "For Tomorrow's Journey (Harmony)," there is a chance of encountering a black screen after checking the Light Cone's detailed information.

- Fixes an issue during the progress of Adventure Mission "Dream Song," when speaking to Dr. Blues, there is a chance of encountering [Failed to obtain information] and being unable to continue progressing through the game.

- Fixes an issue where experiencing certain game modes after a battle will have a chance of showing [System Error (2629)].

- Fixes an issue when speaking to Micah, repeatedly selecting the same dialogue option has a chance of making you unable to progress the game.

■2024/05/10

- Fixes an issue in the story combat of the Trailblaze Mission "Penacony - And on the Eighth Day" where there is a chance you cannot progress the game after the cutscene animation ends.

- Fixes an issue in the Trailblaze Mission "Penacony - Bullet & Brain" where the attack icon may be incorrect when exploring the scene in the story character Boothill's POV.

- Fixes an issue in the Trailblaze Mission "Penacony - The Sun Also Rises" where there is a chance you cannot continue the mission's progress after speaking to the IPC representative.

- Fixes an issue in Trailblaze Continuance "Xianzhou Luofu - Foxian Dream," where fighting against the enemy "Cirrus" could occasionally result in a stage verification failure.

- Fixes an issue where certain actions may prevent you from progressing the game after using Clockwork on the NPC "Kaimee."

- Fixes an issue where there is a chance you cannot progress the game when entering the game mode "Hanu Wars: Street Warfare."

- Fixes an issue in the "Assignments" menu where there is a chance of experiencing an abnormal graphical display.

■2024/05/09

- Fixes an issue in the Trailblaze Mission "Penacony - And on the Eighth Day" where there is a chance you cannot progress the game after defeating the enemy "Harmonious Choir: The Great Septimus."

- Fixes an issue where after completing the Trailblaze Mission "Penacony - And on the Eighth Day," the "Clock Studios Theme Park" map has a chance of having its NPCs disappear.

- Fixes an issue in the progress of the Trailblaze Mission "Penacony - Bullet & Brain" where you may occasionally get the "Failed to obtain information" error message should you switch to Boothill's POV.

- Fixes an issue in the "Clockie: Dreamjoy Memoir" event where there is a chance that you cannot drag the dice.

- Fixes an issue in the "Gunfire Time: Gunfire Trial" game mode where there is a chance that the "Hanu's Adventure transformation device" may not follow the elevator.

- Fixes an issue where performing certain actions has a chance of making you unable to progress the game after activating Clockwork on the NPC "Colleen."

- Fixes an issue where choosing the dialogue option "Oust the Dreamchaser from the Dreamscape." may cause you to be unable to progress the game, when speaking to the Lordly Trashcan in the Dewlight Pavilion City Sandpit.

■2024/05/08

- Fixes an issue in the mission flow of the "Penacony - Seabiscuit" mission where certain actions might prevent further quest progress.

- Fixes an issue where engaging in combat with the enemy "The Past, Present, and Eternal Show" could sometimes lead to abnormal battle progress.

- Fixes an issue in "Simulated Universe: Expansion Module" where the Path Resonance "Resonance Interplay: Pit and Pendulum" and "Resonance Interplay: Startling Breeze" could exhibit abnormal effects.

- Fixes an issue where using mobile devices for the "Origami Bird" and "Dream Jigsaw" gameplay modes in the "Golden Hour" map may cause the game to experience abnormal progress.
