# Game Version 2.3 Optimization and Known Issues
## Game Version 2.3 Optimization and Known Issues


Dear Trailblazers,

To provide a better gaming experience, the Crew will constantly adapt and improve the game and fix known issues.

### Known Issues

■2024/06/20

- There is a known issue where the game might run into a black screen for some Trailblazers when hitting the "Limited-Time Rewards" button in the "Origami Bird Clash" event interface. If you encounter this issue, it can be resolved by restarting the game.

■2024/06/19

- It is known that in certain story dialogues for the Trailblaze Missions "Penacony — Seabiscuit" and "A Thousand Bells at Dawn," the English voiceover for the character Argenti (Erudition: Physical) is not available. This should be addressed in future updates. We appreciate your understanding.

- It is know that in certain maps, after the character Firefly (Destruction: Fire) uses her Technique, there is a chance she cannot land. This issue will be resolved soon in the future.

### Game Updates and Improvements Overview

■2024/06/21

- Fixes an issue where there is a chance of encountering a black screen when after restarting a challenge in Ordinary or Cyclical Extrapolation for Divergent Universe or re-challenging after clearing a Planar Ornament Extraction stage.

- Fixes an issue where the Curio "Joyous Incense" abnormally takes effects on enemy targets in non-Boss Domains in the Divergent Universe.

- Fixes an issue where obtained Boundary Equation will be abnormally listed in the expanded or unexpanded Equations after unlocking "Inspiration Circuit - Boundary Equation" in Divergent Universe under certain circumstances.

■2024/06/20

- Fixes an issue in Divergent Universe where there is a chance of displaying the "Support Character does not exist" error for certain support characters when using the Planar Ornament Extraction function to download support characters.

- Fixes an issue where the game has a chance to get stuck in certain circumstance after getting specific Curios and Blessings in Divergent Universe.

- Fixes an issue where the mission battle might be impossible to progress under certain circumstances when using specific characters to experience the Trailblaze Mission "Jarilo-VI — Roads to the Past Have Long Been Closed."

- Fixes an issue for a certain Synchronicity Level in the Divergent Universe, where there is a chance for the game's screen to go black after clearing Divergent Universe and returning to the main menu.

- Fixes an issue in certain maps of the Xianzhou Luofu where tapping interactable buttons may be ineffective and lead to a "Cannot redirect" message after using the Control Panel to move obstacles.

- Fixes an issue where there is a chance of being unable to progress the interactive event after receiving a message from the Delivery Person. Trailblazers who encountered this issue should expect the Express Crew to resolve it before 2024/06/28 23:59:00 (global).

- Fixes an issue where the "Stickers, So Many Stickers" Achievement could not be fulfilled under certain conditions.

■2024/06/19

- Fixes an issue where Trailblazers may stay in a locked map after leaving the Victory Zone when using the Finality's Vision function to enter locked maps early and play the Aetherium Wars. After the fix, Trailblazers will return to the "Old Weapon Testing Ground" map instead.

- Fixes an issue in the Trailblaze Continuance "Jarilo-VI — Future Market (II)" mission, where Trailblazers may not be able to operate the Automaton Stealth Bomb, preventing further progress for the mission.

- Fixes an issue where, under certain conditions, failed explorations in "Divergent Universe" may be abnormally displayed in the "Trailblazer Profile — Battle Records Showcase".

- Fixes an issue in the Trailblaze Mission "Penacony — Farewell, Penacony," where interacting with specific items in the Radiant Feldspar map may cause the game to freeze.

- Fixes an issue where, in certain circumstances, after completing a challenge in the Survival Index (such as Caverns of Corrosion), there is a chance that the challenge success screen may not appear, causing abnormal game progression.

- Fixes an issue where there is a chance for Challenge Points to exceed the max amount in Apocalyptic Shadow Difficulty 1.

- Fixes an issue in Divergent Universe where certain actions during the use of the Planar Ornament Extraction function may cause the following issues: Support Characters disappear and cannot enter battle, or the Support Characters' levels appear abnormal upon entering battle, and the game would experience an abnormal black screen after retreating from battle.

- Fixes an issue in Apocalyptic Shadow where certain characters' ability effects may experience abnormalities when the enemy "Silver Knight of Virtuous Gallantry" has all its summons defeated in the second phrase.

- Fixes an issue where using certain characters in combat has a chance of causing the lightning in the map to experience abnormalities.

- Fixes an issue in the Trailblaze Continuance "Xianzhou Luofu — Sojourners' Ghastly Reverie," where entering the "Illusory Maze" may prevent further mission progression.
