# Game Version 2.4 Optimization and Known Issues
## Game Version 2.4 Optimization and Known Issues


Dear Trailblazers,

To provide a better gaming experience, the Crew will constantly adapt and improve the game and fix known issues.

### Known Issues

■2024/08/19

- It is known that the Action Order and the ability description are inconsistent under certain circumstances when the character Yunli (Destruction: Physical) uses her "Intuit: Slash" ability. This issue will be fixed in the Version 2.6 update. The ability will match the description after the fix.

■2024/08/08

- It is known that ability icons might be abnormally displayed when characters abilities are not available for use. This issue will be fixed in Version 2.5.

■2024/08/07

- It is known that when engaging the enemy "The Past, Present, and Eternal Show" in non-story related battles, their combat BGM will not be overridded by the character Robin (Harmony: Physical)'s "Concerto" state music. This issue will be fixed in a future update.

■2024/08/05

- It is known that follow-up attacks have an anomalous chance of triggering repeatedly under certain circumstances for Lightning-Lord or Numby in Pure Fiction and other specific stages. This issue will be fixed in a future update.

- It is known that performing certain options for the character Acheron (Nihility: Lightning) has a chance of abnormally rendering you unable to progress through Simulated Universe in the Simulated Universe game mode. Trailblazers who encounter this issue can use the "Leave for Now" option to exit and re-enter the stage to resolve the issue. This issue will be fixed in a future update.

■2024/08/02

- It is known that there is a chance the game might abnormally crash when using certain iPad devices. This issue will be fixed in future version updates.

### Game Updates and Improvements Overview

■2024/08/21

- Fixes an issue where the stat values for the Magician: Trailblazer has a chance of being abnormal in combat for the "A Sea of Trashcan" stage in the "Trailblaze: Friendship Is Magic!" event.

■2024/08/20

- Updates certain related resources for subsequent content.

■2024/08/16

- Fixes an issue where there is a chance that certain characters' abilities might target abnormally when certain enemy abilities or Blessings in combat inflict debuffs on enemies under specific conditions.

- Fixes an issue where Trailblazers are unable to navigate to the hyperlink within their mail while playing with controllers.

■2024/08/14

- Fixes an issue where the countdown is abnormally missing in the Planar Fissure page for the Travel Log. The Planar Fissure event time has been set to: 2024/08/14 04:00:00 (server) - 2024/08/21 03:59:00 (server).

■2024/08/09

- Fixes an issue where the game progress might become abnormal after taking a photo during the "Operation Memoria Snapshot" event for certain devices.

- Fixes an issue where certain Trashcans are abnormally unable to appear when rechallenging "Operation Incognito: Day 3" stage in the "Operation Memoria Snapshot" event.

■2024/08/07

- Fixes an issue where after completing the Final Sword Trial and performing a specific set of operations in the Saga of Primaveral Blade before facing Skott, there will be a chance for the battle lineup to not use the trial character March 7th (The Hunt: Imaginary).

- Fixes an issue where the Achievement unlock time and the mail acquirement time are displayed abnormally when using a PS5™ device.

■2024/08/02

- Fixes an issue where when placing markers on a map will trigger display errors when the max Energy of certain Path Resonances and Boundary Equations is at 200 in the Simulated and Divergent Universes. This issue will not affect the actual effects.

■2024/08/01

- Fixes an issue where certain character Ultimate animations are abnormal when the combat scene is set to "The Shackling Prison."

■2024/07/31

- Fixes an issue where the “New” notification for newly obtained characters in the character menu erroneously disappears.

- Fixes an issue where Trailblazers may errenously get a "March 7th (Preservation: Ice)" character in Store — Starlight Exchange when "March 7th (Preservation: Ice)'s" Eidolon 6 is already unlocked and she is switched to Path of The Hunt. The Express Crew will resolve this issue within 7 business days. "Undying Starlight" will be issued as recompense for Trailblazers that have obtained "March 7th (Preservation: Ice)" erroneously.

- Fixes an issue of an abnormal countdown timer in the "Simulated Universe: Gold and Gears" page in the Travel Log.

- Fixes an issue where the game has a chance of being unable to progress or ends up stuck when fighting the enemy "The Past, Present, and Eternal Show" in the Divergent Universe.
