# Game Version 2.5 Optimization and Known Issues
## Game Version 2.5 Optimization and Known Issues


Dear Trailblazers,

To provide a better gaming experience, the Crew will constantly adapt and improve the game and fix known issues.

### Game Updates and Improvements Overview

■2024/09/19

- Fixes an issue where Blessings or Equations could be obtained abnormally through specific actions using the Workbench of Creation in Divergent Universe.

- Fixes an issue where there is a chance that the Achievement "The Imbibitor Lunae Arrives" cannot be gained after completing the Trailblaze Mission "Xianzhou Luofu — Desolate Depths of Despair."

■2024/09/13

- Fixes an issue where players are unable to progress through the Luminary Wardance due to an abnormal interruption in the Adventure Mission "Even When Cheers Fade: Chapter 1." After fixing this issue, Trailblazers who encountered this issue can head to the Tactics Board on the Skysplitter to continue their event progress.

- Fixes an issue where game may progress abnormally when using Ultimates in the stage Echo of War: Inner Beast's Battlefield while playing on specific Android devices. This issue will be fixed in the future.

■2024/09/12

- Fixes an issue where certain cutscenes might go abnormally missing under specific circumstances while fighting the enemy Shadow of "Feixiao" during the Trailblaze Continuance "The Xianzhou Luofu — Finest Duel Under the Pristine Blue: Part II."

- Fixes an issue where character model positions might have a chance of being abnormally placed during the Adventure Mission "Ordination."

- Fixes an issue where certain characters have a chance of abnormally slipping out the bounds of the map after winning a battle at the maps edge. If you have encountered this issue before the fix, you can resolve the problem by leaving the current map or contact us via Phone > Bug Report.

- Fixes an issue where the "Failed to obtain information" notice appears and players can't enhance their Blessings under certain situations when they use the "Faith Bond" to enhance their Blessings in the Simulated Universe.

- Fixes an issue where under certain conditions, some objects in the Skysplitter map has a chance of abnormally disappearing.

■2024/09/11

- Fixes an issue where there is a chance that characters cannot move after abnormally entering particularly cramped areas on the Skysplitter.

■2024/09/10

- Fixes an issue when challenging the stage "Stagnant Shadow: Shape of Mechwolf" through the Temporary Early Access function, the game will be unable to progress.

- Fixes the issue in Trailblaze Continuance "Xianzhou Luofu — A Web of Pasts Rewoven," where certain operations could occasionally prevent the mission from progressing. Trailblazers who encountered this issue can restart the game and teleport near the mission location using the Space Anchor to resolve the problem. If restarting the game does not fix the issue, please contact us via "Phone — Bug Report."

- Fixes an issue where game progress might run into abnormalities when using specific team lineups to enter certain stage battles.

- Fixes an issue where certain voice lines are erroneous upon being triggered in the "Edit Team" function when adding the Trailblazer to the team.

- Fixes an issue where Mission Guides might abnormally go missing when certain storyline battles are lost during the Trailblaze Continuance "Xianzhou Luofu — Ebb of Past Sins."

- Fixes an issue where enemies might abnormally take consecutive actions when facing Flowerbeing in the "Luminary Wardance" event.

- Fixes an issue in Divergent Universe where, after unlocking Inspiration Circuit > Trait Unlock, the already activated combat Traits' texts were displayed abnormally under certain conditions during the Planar Ornament Extraction.

- Fixes an issue where players might be unable to enter certain spaces after awakening the Messenger to visit Shackling Prison's crypts in the Shackling Prison map.
