# Game Optimization and Known Issues
## Game Optimization and Known Issues


Dear Trailblazers,

To provide a better gaming experience, the Crew will constantly make adjustments and improve the game and fix known issues.

### Known Issues

■2024/12/23

- It is known that when engaging in Normal Mode for the Display settings on certain Android devices, there is a chance that the game progress will become abnormal upon entering battle in the Pure Fiction game mode. Trailblazers who encounter this issue can solve this issue by setting the Display Settings to Compatibility Mode in Settings > Graphics.

■2024/12/09

- It is known that after the Version 2.7 update, the character Herta (Erudition: Ice)'s Talent "Fine, I'll Do It Myself," the character Aventurine (Preservation: Imaginary)'s Trace "Bingo!" and other character ability effects have a chance of not triggering normally under specific circumstances. These issues are still undergoing review and will be fixed in the future.

■2024/12/04

- Due to scheduling issues, some English voiceovers for certain characters are missing in specific dialogues of version 2.7. The corresponding voiceovers will be added in future updates.

- It is known when playing the game on a PS5® device that certain audio effects are abnormally missing under specific circumstances. Trailblazers who encountered this issue can remedy it by resetting the game. This issue will be fixed in a future update.

### Game Updates and Improvements Overview

■2024/12/31

- Updates certain related resources for subsequent content.

■2024/12/27

- Fixes an issue where the game progress might become abnormal when entering battle for the Pure Fiction game mode when the Display Settings are in Normal Mode on certain Android devices.

■2024/12/24

- Fixes the issue where in the game mode Pure Fiction: Technicality Entrapment, after selecting the buff "Empty Air," some characters are unable to use their Skills under certain circumstances.

■2024/12/20

- Fixes an issue where the Light Cone effect for the Light Cone "Long Road Leads Home (Nihility)" will not trigger the "receive increased Break DMG" effect after the enemy target's Weakness is Broken.

■2024/12/18

- Fixes an issue in Node 1 of the gameplay "Apocalyptic Shadow: Gusty Primate" where certain effects of "Finality's Axiom: Rime Piercer" did not match the text description. After the fix, its actual effects are consistent with the text description.

- Fixes an issue where, after using "Delete Past Mission Resources," switching to another account under certain circumstances would cause the game resources to be repeatedly downloaded abnormally.

■2024/12/11

- Fixes an issue after completing the Version 2.7 Trailblaze Mission "Penacony - A New Venture on the Eighth Dawn," the character Sunday (Harmony: Imaginary)'s faction and his displayed faction in the "Message" system are inconsistent. After the fix, his faction will match the details in his messages.

- Fixes an issue where there is a chance the game might stutter when using certain Android devices.

- Fixes an issue when the character Feixiao (The Hunt: Wind) uses Technique to enter the battle, there is a chance of encountering Stage Verification Failed issues after the battle ends under certain circumstances.

- Fixed an issue with the effect description of the character Sunday (Harmony: Imaginary)'s Trace "Rest Day's Longing." This fix does not change the actual effects.

- Fixes an issue where certain rule-related text have issues with the Express Gift. This fix will not affect the actual event's content.

- Fixes the issue where the effect description for the Weighted Curio "Road of Prayers" is erroneous in the Divergent Universe. This fix does not influence the actual effects.

■2024/12/10

- Fixes an issue where the game process could occasionally become abnormal when a returning Traiblazer logs in under certain conditions.

- Fixes an issue where playing the game on a PC could occasionally cause high memory usage, leading to lag or unexpected crashes.

■2024/12/05

- Fixes the issue in "Simulated Universe: Unknowable Domain" where combat progression could not continue or stage validation fails upon combat completion under certain conditions.

- Fixes the issue where the achievement "Aeon Bless Paperfold University!" could not be completed under specific circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where there is a chance that Dream Jigsaw cannot be completed when experiencing the game on a PS5® device.

■2024/12/04

- Fixes an issue where black screen might appear after launching on certain Android devices.

- Fixes an issue in the "Cosmic Home Décor Guide" event where in certain circumstances, abandoning Meeting Ability will render the event unable to progress.

- Fixes an issue in the Dewlight Pavilion map where, under specific circumstances, a door leading to a specific area cannot be opened and the City Sandpit cannot be entered.

- Fixes an issue where the mission instructions for the Companion Mission "Night of Universal Hallucinations" is abnormal and renders the mission unable to progress under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where under certain circumstances, photos taken in the game cannot be saved.

- Fixes an issue where certain Relic recommendation for characters are displayed abnormally under specific situations.

- Fixes the issue where the event "Ternary War" could not be completed under specific circumstances when possessing the 3-star Equation "Relative Tracer" in the Divergent Universe
