# Game Version 3.0 Optimization and Known Issues
## Game Version 3.0 Optimization and Known Issues


Dear Trailblazers,

To provide a better gaming experience, the Crew will constantly adapt and improve the game and fix known issues.

### Known Issues

■2025/01/20

- It is known that there is a chance of seeing a friend's Support Characters abnormally added to a team when performing specific controls when Light Cones and items are at Max in the Inventory while using the Interastral Peace Guide to challenge Echo of War and Cavern of Corrosion stages and exploring these maps. This issue will be fixed later.

■2025/01/19

- It is known that the Talent application target selection is abnormal when the character "The Herta (Erudition: Ice)" triggers her Talent under specific circumstances and applies 25 stacks of "Interpretation" to a random enemy target. This issue will be fixed in a future update.

■2025/01/18

- The Artwork "Nikador Battles the Rosy Celestial Maiden" which can be obtained during the mission progress of the Trailblaze Mission "Amphoreus — Distant Travelers, Listen to this World's Prayer” will be added into the Librarium store. If the Trailblazers have not unlocked this item during the mission, they can head to the Marmoreal Market area in the "Eternal Holy City" Okhema map to find the NPC Ctesiphona and use credits to purchase it.

■2025/01/15

- Due to scheduling issues, some English voiceovers for certain characters are missing in specific dialogues of version 3.0. The corresponding voiceovers will be added in future updates.

### Game Updates and Improvements Overview

■2025/01/17

- Fixes an issue where the guidance was incorrectly displayed for choosing to track treasures after using the Rare Jade Claw on the Skysplitter map or using the character "The Herta (Erudition: Ice)"'s Technique to mark the positions of certain Basic Treasures.

- Fixes an issue where the visiting guest Fugue's character model might be displayed abnormally under certain circumstances in the "Astral Express" map.

- Fixes an issue where the petals in the baths might float in the air under certain circumstances in the "Eternal Holy City" Okhema map.

- Fixes an issue where certain map effects are abnormally displayed under certain circumstances in the "Eternal Holy City" Okhema map.

- Fixes an issue where there is a chance of encountering a game progress abnormality when using specific Android devices to experience the Trailblaze Mission "Evanesce Like the Morning Dew"

■2025/01/16

- To address the issue where the description of the "Variable Dice" item was not precise and inconsistent with its in-game functionality, the Express Crew has optimized the item's description to align with its actual effects.

The updated description will be: "Use to reroll the Subsidiary Stat upgrades of fully-enhanced 5-star Relics and randomize their values."

We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience caused to Trailblazers. As compensation, the Express Crew will distribute the following within 24 hours after the issue is resolved:

▌Compensation Details

Variable Dice ×1

Stellar Jade ×100

▌Eligibility

Trailblazers with a Trailblaze Level of 4 or higher as of 2025/01/16 23:59:00 (global)

Compensation will be delivered via in-game mail. Please log in and claim your rewards before 2025/02/16 23:59:00 (global)

- Fixes an issue where, under certain circumstances, the NPC Dr. Ratio will abnormally appear in the "Strife Ruins" Castrum Kremnos map during the Trailblaze Mission "Amphoreus — Wasteland, Hark Back Glory of Old."

- Fixes an issue where after completing a specific battle in the "Aptitude Showcase" event, the game may blackscreen.

- Fixes an issue where, under certain circumstances, the Curio "High-Calorie Diet (Decrypted)" will abnormally activate multiple Boundary Equation effects in battle when using the "Planar Ornament Extraction" function in Divergent Universe.

- Fixes an issue where the game interface has a chance of a display abnormality while playing the "Golden Scapegoat" game mode on certain PC devices.

- Fixes an issue where under specific circumstances, stopping in certain positions will cause a character to be unable to move when experiencing the "Hand of Zagreus" game mode.

- Fixes an issue where the "Phone" will have an abnormal red notification if the Trailblazer has not unlocked "As I've Written" or is in a map outside of Amphoreus when "As I've Written" gets new content.

- Fixes an issue where the character Lingsha (Abundance: Fire)'s type-description was incorrect in the App Store's What's New text. Trailblazers do not need to enter the store and undergo an update. They can continue gaming as normal.

■2025/01/15

- Fixes an issue where, under certain circumstances, game progress has a chance of becoming abnormal or unable to progress for the "Hand of Zagreus" game mode. After this issue is fixed, Trailblazers who still encounter this problem can go to "Phone" > "Bug Report" to contact us.

- Fixes an issue where certain "New" notifications are abnormally not displayed for "Phone" under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where the Trailblaze Continuance "Herta Space Station — When the Stars of Ingenuity Shine" cannot progress under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where there is a chance of encountering "stage verification failure" after finishing specific storyline battles during the progress of the Trailblaze Mission "Amphoreus - Silver Chariot, Away to that Blackened Land."
