# Game Version 3.1 Optimization and Known Issues
## Game Version 3.1 Optimization and Known Issues


Dear Trailblazers,

To provide a better gaming experience, the Crew will constantly adapt and improve the game and fix known issues.

### Known Issues

■2025/02/26

- Due to scheduling issues, some English voiceovers for certain characters are missing in specific dialogues of version 3.1. The corresponding voiceovers will be added in future updates.

- It is known that some voice lines for Tribbie (Harmony: Quantum) and certain parts of the story in Trailblaze Mission "Amphoreus — Light Slips the Gate, Shadow Greets the Throne" are missing when the voice language is switched to Korean. This issue will be fixed in future updates. Thank you for your kind understanding.

### Game Updates and Improvements Overview

■2025/03/12

- Fixes an issue where the game progress has a chance of becoming abnormal under special circumstances when the Trailblazer obtains the collectibles "Mem (Cuter Version)" and "Hero's Trail" while being at the Radiant Feldspar.

- Fixes an issue where entering battle with the story trial character "Mydei (Destruction: Imaginary)" might cause his Enhanced Skill's special effects to display abnormally under certain circumstances.

■2025/03/06

- Fixes an issue where the [Mission] menu displayed abnormally in certain circumstances in the mission flow of "Amphoreus — Passages, Knocking Echoes in Dreams".

■2025/03/05

- Fixes an issue where when cutting to "Tribbie's" POV, the game progress has a chance of becoming abnormal during the Trailblaze Mission "Amphoreus — Passages, Knocking Echoes in Dreams." After the fix, Trailblazers who encountered this problem can directly leave the challenge and reenter Tribbie's point of view to continue the mission's progress.

- Fixes an issue where there is a chance that Jiaoqiu (Nihility: Fire) would blink abnormally while idling.

- Fixes an issue where there is a chance for battle verification failure after ending battle under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where the models for the enemies Memory Zone Meme "Shell of Faded Rage" and Memory Zone Meme "Shell of Faded Rage" (Bug) have a chance of vanishing under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where certain Talent voice lines for the story trial character Mydei (Destruction: Imaginary) might be abnormally interrupted under certain circumstances when the voice language is set to Japanese.

- Fixes the issue where the effect description for Golden Blood's Boon "Bloodstained Finery" is incorrect in Divergent Universe: Protean Hero. This fix does not influence the actual effects.

■2025/02/28

- Fixes an issue where game progress might become abnormal after checking details about a chimera that has their Stamina depleted in "The Awooo Firm" event.

- Fixes an issue where an enemy target will abnormally gain Blazar Charges due to the Flame-Chase Alliance Equation's effects under certain circumstances in Divergent Universe: Protean Hero.

- Fixes an issue where certain Golden Blood's Boon effects abnormally fail to take effect after selecting the Golden Blood's Boon "Crowned in Blood" under certain circumstances in Divergent Universe: Protean Hero.

- Fixes an issue where there are game interface abnormalities when using certain devices to experience the game.

■2025/02/27

- Adjusts and optimizes the experience for Trailblazers who use the Claim All function for Point Rewards in Simulated Universe and Divergent Universe when they own close to the maximum number of Immersifers.

- Adjusts the mission guide for the Adventure Mission "Stagnant Shadow." After the adjustment, Trailblazers with Equilibrium Level ≥2 who have not unlocked "Stagnant Shadow" stages can proceed to the mission system and complete the Adventure Mission "Stagnant Shadow" according to its mission guide to unlock the relevant stages.

- Fixes an issue where in special circumstances, the Achievement "Mother, I Have Returned Home" remains erroneously uncompleted after obtaining the Readable Items "Worn Stone Letter Tablet" and "Letter from Gorgo, Mydei's Mother". After this fix, Trailblazers who encountered this issue can immediately complete this Achievement.

- Fixes an issue where Trailblazers are unable to normally progress through the mission after solving the puzzle in "Sactum of Prophecy: Janusopolis - Hidden Passage of Contemplation" for the Trailblaze Mission "Amphoreus - Passage, Reveal the Past Once More" under special circumstances. After the fix, Trailblazers who encountered this issue can continue to make progress in the mission by following Tribios.

- Fixes an issue where the ichor cannot shatter obstacles as normal for certain ichor vessels in the "Murmuring Woods" Grove of Epiphany map under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where certain storyline text are abnormally missing in the Adventure Mission "I Once Was In Arcadia."

- Fixes an issue where there is a chance of encountering an game progress abnormality when using mobile devices to experience the Creation Nurturing game mode in the "Critter Pick" event.

■2025/02/26

- Optimizes certain combat experiences in the Synapse Simulation tutorial stage for Divergent Universe: Protean Hero.

- Fixes an issue where there is a chance of encountering an abnormality when using the Consumable Vomit Inducing Agent under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where the arrangement of the "Exit" and "Log Out" buttons are incorrect when using a PC device to enter the game's menu after the Version 3.1 update. After the fix, the buttons have returned to the original positions they had in the previous versions, when entering the game with a PC.

- Fixes an issue where you are unable to collect rewards from the "Grove of Epiphany" Garmentmaker Outpost after collecting Nymphs from the "Murmuring Woods" Grove of Epiphany map under certain circumstances.

- Fixes a character action abnormality for the storyline trial character Mydei (Destruction: Imaginary) in the "Lineup" menu.

- Fixes an issue where the combat progress might become abnormal when entering combat in the Synapse Simulation tutorial stage in Divergent Universe: Protean Hero under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where certain shadow effects appear abnormal in the Abyss of Fate map.

- Fixes an issue where the interaction logic is erroneous for Trace menu's materials, as their quantities do not refresh normally within the Trace menu.

- Fixes an issue where certain controls might result in abnormal combat progress when using certain devices to challenge the Aptitude Showcase.
