# Game Version 3.2 Optimization and Known Issues
## Game Version 3.2 Optimization and Known Issues


Dear Trailblazers,

To provide a better gaming experience, the Crew will constantly make adjustments and improve the game and fix known issues.

### Known Issues

■2025/04/24

- It is known that when the character Aglaea (Remembrance: Lightning) equips the Light Cone Make Farewells More Beautiful (Remembrance) for battle, the wearer may abnormally gain "Death Flower" under certain circumstances where she loses HP in turns beyond her own. This issue will be fixed in a future update. After the fix, the effect and the description for the Light Cone ability will be kept consistent.

■2025/04/21

- It is known that the "Mem's Support" status cannot be removed normally under certain circumstances after being applied by memosprite "Mem" on all Remembrance characters and memosprites when Eidolon 1 is active for the character Trailblazer (Remembrance: Ice). This issue will be fixed in Version 3.3.

■2025/04/09

- Due to scheduling issues, some English voiceovers for certain characters are missing in specific dialogues of version 3.2. The corresponding voiceovers will be added in future updates.

### Game Updates and Improvements Overview

■2025/04/23

- Fixes an issue where certain controls for the "Hand of Zagreus" may become abnormal in the "Bloodbathed Battlefront" Castrum Kremnos map under certain circumstances.

■2025/04/16

- Fixes an issue where certain graphics in the Warp interface may display abnormally when performing certain actions.

- Fixes an issue in "Seal Slammers" — "Arena Mode" where Phagousa's Blessing "Booming Landmine" abnormally takes effect on the enemy "Ghost Seal" under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where the red notification reminder on "Phone" — "Game Tools" cannot be removed under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where there is a chance of encountering a game progress abnormality while loading certain maps when using specific Android devices.

■2025/04/14

- Fixes an issue in the gameplay mode "Apocalyptic Shadow: Warlord of the Locusts” where the additionally reduced Toughness inflicted by attacks from targeted ally Fire characters with "Blood Surge" and their summons when entering "Going Solo" does not allow them to receive the Weakness Break Efficiency bonus.

■2025/04/12

- Fixes an issue where the game's progress becomes abnormally when tapping Owlbert under certain circumstances in the event Star Rail WORLD.

■2025/04/11

- Fixes an issue where in the Seal Slammers > Arena Mode > Friend Battle event mode, there is a chance that the game progress might be abnormal after tapping Quick Lineup once you are ready. After the fix, if Trailblazers are already prepared in the Friend Battle, the Quick Lineup button will no longer be displayed.

■2025/04/10

- Fixes an issue in the "Celestial Invitation" interface where some characters' information may display erroneously when selecting the customizable characters, after performing specific operations.

- Fixes an issue where the game may proceed abnormally after experiencing a "Guest Occurrence" in the "Star Rail WORLD" event.

- Fixes an issue where the game interface may black out in the "Star Rail WORLD" event after performing specific operations.

- Fixes an issue where the game may proceed abnormally in Aptitude Showcase after performing specific operations.

- Fixes an issue where the game may proceed abnormally under certain circumstances during the Adventure Mission "Heartbroken Dromas."

- Fixes an issue in the Adventure Mission "Chirping Secret Treasure?" where there may be an error when solving a puzzle under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where the Achievement "The World Beyond the Cave" cannot be completed under certain conditions.

- Fixes an issue where the game interface may black out when tapping "One More Time" after challenging certain stages with specific team lineups.

- Fixes an issue where images from "Demised Scholar: Anaxagoras" may display abnormally in "As I've Written."

- Fixes an issue where avatars of certain characters display abnormally in "Status Effect" - "Character Effect."

- Fixes an issue where the Phonograph track "Elegy of Netherwing" plays abnormally.

■2025/04/09

- Fixes an issue where the "New" label cannot be removed in the "Store" - "Recommended" page under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where some lineups display abnormally in the "Recommended Lineup" feature for the "Star Rail WORLD" event.

- Fixes an issue where certain Exhibition Assistant images have display errors in the "Star Rail WORLD" event.

- Fixes an issue where the "New" label refreshes repeatedly in the "Interastral Peace Guide" - "Build Target" character selection page under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where the mission flow of Trailblaze Mission "Amphoreus - Night Veil, Shroud the Silent Past" proceeds abnormally. After the fix, Trailblazers who still encounter this issue can contact the official customer service to resolve this problem.

- Fixes an issue in "Eternal Holy City" Okhema where a specific NPC Spirithief "Bartholos" erroneously disappears when talking to them.
