# Game Version 3.3 Optimization and Known Issues
## Game Version 3.3 Optimization and Known Issues


Dear Trailblazers,

To provide a better gaming experience, the Crew will constantly make adjustments and improve the game and fix known issues.

### Known Issues

■2025/05/21

- Due to scheduling issues, some English voiceovers for certain characters are missing in specific dialogues of Version 3.3. The corresponding voiceovers will be added in future updates.

### Game Updates and Improvements Overview

■2025/06/10

- Fixes an issue where combat progression becomes abnormal under certain conditions during the story battle in the Trailblaze Mission "Penacony — And on the Eighth Day..."

■2025/05/28

- Fixes an issue where game progress may become abnormal when controlling Hand of Zagreus while talking to NPC "Spirithief" Bartholos in the Trailblaze Mission "Amphoreus — Chest, Bear the Bygone Dust."

- Fixes an issue where battle progress may become abnormal in "Legend of the Galactic Baseballer: Departure" under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where the battle progress may become abnormal under certain circumstances when "Pollux, Netherwing Husk, Ferry of Souls" uses the ability "Death Wishes For More Death."

- Fixes an issue where battle progress may become abnormal under certain circumstances after the enemy "Bronya" uses the ability "Combat Redeployment."

■2025/05/23

- Fixes an issue where unlocking "Adventure Index" > "Formidable Foe" in "Legend of the Galactic Baseballer: Departure" is abnormal under certain situations. At the same time, optimizes the text descriptions of certain unlock requirements. The actual unlock requirements remain unchanged.

- Adjusts the early access time for "Echoes of War" for Version 3.3 and later versions, from "21 days after the version update" to "04:00 of the next Monday after the version update (server time)".

■2025/05/22

- Fixes an issue where the game progress might become abnormal after activating the Equation "Boat of Intoxication" in the "Simulated Universe: Protean Hero" game mode.

- Fixes an issue in "Divergent Universe: Protean Hero" where some mission progress in "Stable Computing Array" - "Test" - "Fable Poetry" may become abnormal under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where some story animations may fail to display under certain circumstances in the Trailblaze Mission "Amphoreus - Scholar, Let Us Meet Again Before the Gates of Truth.”

- Adjusts some mechanics for the enemy "Pollux, Netherwing Husk, Ferry of Souls (Complete)" in "Divergent Universe: Protean Hero" and reduces some values as well. Also fixes the issue where combat progress becomes abnormal when facing this enemy in battle under certain circumstances.

■2025/05/21

- Fixes an issue of encountering a stage verification failure after the end of battle when using the trial character Trailblazer (Remembrance: Ice) in the Trailblaze Mission "Amphoreus - Night Veil, Shroud the Silent Past."

- Fixes an issue where completing the stage Demon King's Den in the "Legend of the Galactic Baseballer: Demon King" event offers only a paltry amount of Cosmic Reputation. If Trailblazers completed this stage before the fix, then the missing Cosmic Reputation will be compensated within 5 business days. (Corrected)

- Fixes an issue where a stage may fail to verify after all currently enhanceable Weapons or Accessories has been excluded in battle in the "Legend of the Galactic Baseballer: Demon King" event.

- Fixes an issue where using the Finality's Vision function to experience the "Legend of the Galactic Baseballer: Demon King" event might cause a transitional anomaly under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where the Coreflame Casket cannot be triggered as normal during the Trailblaze Mission "Amphoreus — Dawn, Shine at the World's End" under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where characters can't move during the Trailblaze Mission "Amphoreus — Poet, Speak of the Sky Through Me (II)" under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where certain animation graphics are abnormal during the Trailblaze Mission "Amphoreus — Poet, Speak of the Sky Through Me (II)."

- Fixes an issue where after saving certain files in "Divergent Universe: Protean Hero" and applying them for Planar Ornament Extraction, the stage difficulty increases inordinately.

- Fixes an issue where battle progress might become abnormal while challenging the stage "Echo of War: Glance of Twilight."

- Fixes an issue where the character Hyacine (Remembrance: Wind)'s face model might display anomalies under certain circumstances.

- Fixes an issue where players using controllers are unable to select multiple Consumable materials when undergoing a "Level Up" for a character.

- Fixes an issue where certain Messages for the character Castorice (Remembrance: Quantum) are textually incorrect.
